Task : - A shopping mall (XYZ) requested to make an back-end application for registration of it's on-boarding employees. 
You are required to complete the back-end application based upon micro-services architecture. The customer service (CS) has a front end application. 
There is Userid and Password when CS logon to the application, we need to validate the credentials and issue a JWT auth token to the user using Auth Service in our application. 
For every subsequesnt request, the issued JWT token will verified at back-end once per request. 
User will enter the Mail ID, Mob. No. and NationalID, and request to backend service for registration.

Back-end requirement : 

Note : Microservices discovery is removed from this task.

Create a private Github repository and share with mailid's provide in mail.

Scope :- Phase 1 (Development)

      Service 1 : LoginService {Request : UserID and Password}
	              Calls the Authentication service and returns JWT token to the user.
				  
      Service 2 : RegistrationService {Request: Mail ID, Mob. No. and NationalID},
                  Service is the main service which controls the flow of registration and responsible to call other micro-services. 
		  Returns the response                            to client.

      Service 3 : ValidatingExistingEmployee {Request : Mail ID, Mob. No. and NationalID},                       
                  This service will validate if the employee is existing or not. Called by Service 1. Use Postgres database.
					   
      Service 4 : RegisterNewEmployee {Request: Mail ID, Mob. No. and NationalID},                        
                  This service will register the employee. Called by Service 1. Use Postgres database.
				   
      Service 5 : Authentication Service,
	              Service will validate the user and issue JWT token. Verify the validity of JWT token.

Scope :- Phase 2 (Deployment)
      
	  Direct deployment to Kubernetes cluster using Minikube or Minishift.
	  
	  
Scope :- Phase 3 (Deployment)
     
	  Deployment using CI/CD pipeline (Jenkins).
      